is this video about false rape
allegations is this video about rumor
and innuendo and gossip and drama I
don't want to think so I want to think
we're going to deal with something a lot
more meaningful and a lot more important
here about what it means to grow old
what it means to be mature how it is any
of us can take responsibility for our
own mental and moral cultivation and
development as the years go by and yeah
it's about an ongoing dispute between
myself and Richard also known as being
gains
I have here on screen not the first
email but the last email I sent to
Richard on this topic and I said to him
directly
Richard from this timestamp this is only
five minutes long whereas the other
videos on this topic on my channel or 45
plus minutes long there's the link yes
Hannah told me it was not rape privately
yes Hannah told the whole world it was
not rape publicly and she confirmed that
after the fact in correspondence with me
in email that there are screenshots of
shown in those videos linked to and
alluded to is there more to the story
sure however this really does matter in
the context of rape allegations I would
be a complete hypocrite if I only
objected during writer making false
sexual allegations against me and I
didn't object with similar allegations
were being made against during writer
and I know of counter-evidence myself so
in a recent video that I'm sure Richard
also watched I asked the question why is
it considered extraordinary to stand up
against racism when that racism would
benefit you when you're in that category
in the dispute why is it considered
extraordinary remarkable to be opposed
to an apartheid state if you yourself
would be in the class of people of
benefit and so on look guys I disliked
her in writer
there are a lot of ways in which I can
say he's unreliable or dishonest or even
crazy that doesn't mean that the people
making allegations against him are being
honest and I don't think it makes me a
good person morally that I was willing
to stand up for the truth and what's
right simply because it's true and right
I think it simply makes me not a bad
person there's a distinction there hmm
and it's a distinction we deal with
within veganism all the time that being
vegan isn't really morally virtuous it's
just refused
to conform with something that's
actively immoral and evil there's got to
be a difference between truth and
fiction and when you're standing up for
the truth it shouldn't matter to you
whether people are your friend or your
enemy justice and injustice you guys
fill in the blanks I said just this
video a just a sincere apology to to
know I guess it's also a thank you maybe
a bit of a thank you as well when it
goes into this a whole you know nasty
staff that's not good for the vegan
movement at all so I would say you know
thank you Richard for seeing that light
and deleting all those videos I've
looking to move forward now and I
promote into being a message get out
there stuff all that so it's good to
those did you take those videos down
because it doesn't help anyone go vegan
what caused this what instigated this I
guess some dr. evil you know dr. evil
who I guess I maybes oh no I'm not
apology Dean but maybe a thank you for
he also deleted videos about me after
our crazy stalker juror from Norway the
lady talked with eyes'll dr. evil on the
phone or Skype or whatever it was and
she admitted that she had been lying
yeah and so I was like hanging I can't
support that as much as I don't like
during Ida and I'll raise 10,000 bucks
but you know in prison I can't support a
full slanderous video about Harley
buyers who saw through that and guess
Richard saw through that as well so
they're deleted deleted all their
support for our crazy juror from Norway
so yeah so thanks to you know dr. evil
and if you guys know me you'll know that
I want to get into the meaning of life
discussion here as quickly as possible
and I don't really relish the
possibility of going over the details of
false rape allegations again however as
I said earlier that was not the first
email I sent Richard and by the way I've
had a reply from Richard from that same
email account
more recently in this discussion he
did not respond to this but I'd have
every reason to think you got those
emails I have every reason to think he
saw the videos about this on my channel
when they were first posted before that
and he was really choosing to disregard
the evidence Richard did you see the
videos I posted with direct quotations
from written correspondence with Hannah
Chloe and Nour vegan on this matter
the fact that durianrider lies does not
sadly mean that other people in this
equation are telling the truth so pause
the fact that during Ryder is an
unreliable source information does not
mean that vegan gains is a reliable
source information it this sadly this
applies across the board the fact that
during Ryder lacks moral integrity
doesn't mean that richard has got it now
conversely what if you're wondering
about me
do I have moral integrity well look I
told the truth
when it was dissapears to me in this
dispute with during Ryder I told the
truth when it was dis advantageous to me
when it was vegan cheetah making false
allegations against theorem writer I
told the truth when it was
disadvantageous to me when it was
Richard vegan gains making false
allegations against de Marana the fact
that I don't want during Ryder making
false allegations doesn't mean that I
would back up false allegations against
Darren writers so some people have
integrity and some do not
alright and those questions of moral
integrity ultimately are related to the
meaning of life and learning keeping an
open mind and taking on board new
evidence as life goes on and again this
is ultimately about Richard spelled
vegan gains why even if he didn't
already know this evidence when I
presented it to him I have every reason
to think he did he already knew about
the stuff that he was choosing to
disregard it why didn't he just stop and
say oh wow
this is a totally new perspective on
this issue gee I got to go back to the
drawing board this comes back to the
fundamental topic of this video and what
is going to be in the title is
there's being stupid and they're staying
stupid right like I know we're all born
ignorant but one of the ways you you
stay ignorant you said you stay stupid
is by covering up your eyes and ears
whenever it someone's someone tells you
something that you you don't want to
hear so I'll stay on this for a moment I
guess one conversation I had with
Richard he was defending people playing
video games because I've had many videos
on this channel where I state my
opposition to playing video games so to
speak even though my own daughter at age
5 plays video games and I buy video
games for my daughter and to some extent
encourage you to play video games we
talked about this with her I remember I
said to her you know playing video games
is childish and I hope you realize that
in the future one day I'm gonna say to
you it is time to put childish things
away that you know after a certain age
playing video games is not appropriate
anymore it's okay now that you're 5
years old we can play video games
together as adults well it's really
another thing and she actually really
agree with me it was interesting to get
her perspective on that that she's aware
of playing video games is a waste of
time and she's aware that at 5 years old
you still got a lot of time to waste
I guess anyway Richard was writing to me
and he defended video games by claiming
understandably enough he said that I
still think of video games the way they
were decades ago when I was a child and
that I didn't realize that they had now
become something much more sophisticated
that they were something more like
watching a movie and to that I replied
Richard if I knew someone who watched
movies for 40 hours a week I'd have the
same objection like from my perspective
you're not raising video games above
scrutiny by saying that they're on the
same level as a movie I have no
objection to that my objection is not
based on cultural snobbery if I knew
someone who watched movies for 40 hours
a week or even 20 hours a week or even
10 hours a week I think there'd be a
real question of hey you know for you as
an adult you know aren't there aren't
there better things you you can and
should be doing with you
so I think that's an issue not just with
videogames and the problem with Richard
what I said in my earlier video and what
he didn't respond to he respond to
everything else he responded to penis
size and all kinds of irrelevant things
we've already seen on screen um you know
I'm asking about leading a meaningful
life I'm asking about growing wiser as
we grow older those the questions I
really want to raise and Richards
commitment to just doing whatever he
wants to do whenever he wants to do it
including making false rape allegations
and so on that's locking him into a
perpetual childhood I would have treated
this correspondence as private forever
but nor vegans stated that he would make
it public and he did therefore I made it
public also and indeed his coverage of
the correspondence between us was
extremely biased and unfair skipping
over and misrepresenting what I had said
all right then I have the link to the
two long videos this material was boring
to watch however one verbally via Skype
Hannah spoke to me directly describing
encounter with durianrider as normal sex
not rape no suggestion of anything like
sexual assault etcetera to in written
form on the Internet she made a public
statement that there was no rape and
that she was not making an allegation of
anything like rape this was her stated
position both privately and publicly for
a long time three you can consider the
time line at the end of noir vegans own
a final video as to just how late in the
legal process they even considered or
attempted to construct sexual assault
allegations guys I hate to tell you this
if you know anything about the process
of the law these things really do
invalidate your claims in court
in some cases people who are really
guilty get away with crimes because of
these kinds of problems on the side of
the prosecution the side of the the
victim or what have you but there were
really really serious inconsistencies
shall we say in noir vegan side of the
story which would be evident just from a
careful observation of noir vegans story
as he constructed and presented it which
is something Richard was not interested
in do it however I had my own evidence
already presented for in this same
correspondence shown in these two videos
hannah is still not claiming right
nor anything like rate there are many
many things stated in your new video
your part to versus during writer that I
consider to be factually wrong during
writer is an unreliable source of
information however nor vegan also is an
unreliable source of information you
also Richard are an unreliable source of
information I have never made up lies
about during writer my criticism of him
has always been factual and I could even
say that it has been fair there are many
other factual areas in which you could
criticize during writer productively for
example his claims about curing various
incurable diseases etc but your
commentary on his sex life is either
poorly informed or dishonest or as you
know it could be both so you know in
terms of what he's written in to me
again vegan gains just seems you know
incredibly immature I put this first
screenshot up this isn't even worth
reading and I mean it's interesting is
the question we were trying to discuss
in the channel is to what extent will
vegan genes grow up to what extent will
he become more sophisticated or more
intelligent as time goes on and you know
obviously I'm a pessimist I think you
can see living the life he chooses to
live he's living life where he chooses
to stay stupid he chooses to shield
himself against exactly the sources of
new information and challenges to his
ego and his assumptions that could bring
about some kind of personal growth or or
a new learning so oh we have put on a
silly voice yes lol
aisel you accuse me of making rape
allegations without evidence when in
fact there's plenty yet you accuse
people of being a racist with absolutely
no evidence
tell me again helping your penis is so
yeah you've already seen my reply to
that
I have seen I don't I have not seen
every single video Richards ton I have
seen a video which his girlfriend his
current ah he's wife now comments on
camera that he has quite a small penis
but you know guys like I said people
with bigger ears don't have a better
appreciation for opera um and then I
replied the other part of his statement
here by saying regarding lol you accuse
me of making rape allegations that
evidence no no actually I stated
factually that you made rape allegations
that are contrary to the evidence and
that this was evidence you've already
seen in my channel and that I reminded
you of by email you chose to disregard
that evidence and my interpretation is
simply that this is your habit of
quote-unquote doing whatever you want to
do whenever you want to do it just like
little cheetah formerly known as vegan
cheetah who also made false allegations
against during writer and I also
defended during writer when that
happened you may recall TL DR the
summary some people care about the
difference between right and wrong truth
and fiction and some don't getting older
and getting wiser are two very very
different things
I read the major works of Aristotle
politics and constitution of athens at
about age 20 and then again at about age
40 my impression and understanding of
the book was completely different at
those two ages what if it wasn't can you
even imagine a parallel universe in
which I read the political philosophy of
Aristotle and I'm sorry I forget I don't
know if I was 18 19 or 20 21 something
something about that page if I read
Aristotle's philosophy when I was 20 and
then what did I do
studied Buddhist philosophy
studied Pali went to Sri Lanka went to
Cambodia started learning lotion did
humanitarian work in Laos got a series
of other jobs you know even the work I
did as an English teacher learned about
politics and history and had so many
experiences personal professional
political and otherwise got involved in
ecological activism got involved in
vegan activism if I had all these
experiences and then I went back and and
read Aristotle again and it was just the
same thing I just had nothing new to say
about it I had nothing new to learn from
it what would that say about me and also
what would that say about the value of
reading you know Aristotle's philosophy
I'll tell you something else too you
know I have I have gone back and looked
at video games I played as a child
partly because I'm shopping around for
video games to my own daughter and it's
it's really the opposite experience I
put on zilean for the Sega Master System
I loved that game I memorized every room
in that game I don't I don't know what a
Jo was 11 or younger must have been
younger than 11 I was a little kid I
played that game zillion and now if I
put it on for 45 seconds I think what an
abominable waste of time how can anyone
do this for two minutes let alone two
hours how could anyone do this with
their time right there is a difference
guys there really is a difference you
know and for most of us whether you have
a full-time job or not
with your raising kids or not whether
you've taken on other responsibilities
like adopting rabbits and stray dogs and
the things being gained says whether or
not you spend two hours a day lifting
weight to the gym the number of hours
you have to put into challenging
yourself cultivating your mind not just
growing older but growing wiser
it's too few hours of the day the number
of hours when you're capable of the
mental focus necessary to do it okay and
it's with that sense of humility and
with that sense of responsibility that
I've got to invite you and I've got
invite Richard to live your life a
little bit more seriously to be a person
of moral and intellectual integrity to
step up to the challenge when someone
tells you you've been making lies on the
internet about a deadly serious matter
like rape allegations or whether someone
tells you hey have you ever thought
about what goes on in a factory farm or
hey have you ever thought about where
democracy really comes from and how we
ended up with this crazy social
political system we all live in keep
asking questions stay hungry stay
dissatisfied and I hope whatever it is
you do with your time you don't end up
looking back on it the way I look back
on video games like zilean with a sense
of disgust and remorse and regret and
disbelief that I ever thought this was a
worthwhile use of my time because by
contrast might look at the philosophy of
Aristotle I go WOW there was so much
here of value there was so much here to
think about that I couldn't understand
when I was 20 years old and there's so
much more I get out of it now and guys
we study history not for what it
subtracts from the past but for what it
adds to the present it's something
really does add to the meaning of my
life and what I'm trying to do
politically and personally and
professionally right now in 2019